Explain deployment (#49)
a-gondolkodas-orome/durer-aion: README.md

### Setting up the server

```bash

> sudo docker-compose --env-file=.env.docker up --build 

Author: ```suggestion
sudo docker compose --env-file=.env.docker up --build 
```

```

 vagy 
 
```bash
docker compose --env-file=.env.docker up --build 
```

(before first run, you will need `npm run build`)
Also pay attention to create a correct `.env.docker` file based on the `.env.docker.sample` file.

Note: Some newer docker installs have a different compose interface, you may use the compose command like this:

```bash
sudo docker compose up --build
```

> Note: Some newer docker installs have a different compose interface, you may use the compose command like this:
> 
> ```bash
> docker compose up --build
> ```

Author: ```suggestion
> Note: 
> To use this newer docker compose interface please follow the install instructions form the official docker install page: [ linux docker install](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/setup/install/linux/)
> Otherwise you may use this syntax:
> ```bash
> docker-compose up --build
> ```
```
